# UN Shuttle Carrier // 3.18.5014u

As the squad awakes from their month-long stasis and set their sights on the planet known as **HERCYNIA**, the drop carrier's captain notifies them to suit up - and make sure to borrow some EVA gear if they don't have any. The squad straps into one of a few dropships, and preps for the descent.

The squad is given a briefing packet from **UNION COMMAND** with the following sitrep:

1. Unions imperative dictates taht the squad treat the situation with the utmost care. **HERCYNIA** is potentially populated by some sort of indigenous human culture, but the evidence is unclear.
2. The current holder of **HERCYNIA'S** charter is **LANDMARK COLONIAL**, a subsidiary of **SMITH-SHIMANO CORPRO**. The squad is to make contact with **LANDMARK'S** representative on the groundd first in order to present their credentials and integrate into the local hierarchy.
3. **HERCYNIA** was once subject to a widespread and catastrophic **SECCOMM** expeditionary campaign. The records lack detail, but building from what has been recovered from the old **UNION COLONIAL** mission indicates that the **SECOND COMMITTEE** mounted a handful of similar campaigns against resistant populations. This likely accounts for the massive amount of radiation, distress signals, encrypted comms, and general "noise" coming off the world. The squad should expect to encounter old **UNION** military infrastructure in the form of unexploded ordinance, waste radiation, and possibly even abandoned ground-based installations.

As they approach the world, their ship’s SIGINT deck reports that **HERCYNIA** is throwing off an incredible amount of noise – likely because it is a post-collapse SecComm “punching bag” world littered with old, decaying military infrastructure, and ruins – and they find themselves unable to get clear signals. All of this matches the thin profile pushed to them by local flightcomm. Unfortunately, optics are shot as well. Hercynia appears to be socked in under a planetwide monsoon season, blanketing all but the most extreme poles with thick cloud cover.

The squad lands safely, dismounts from the shuttle, and begins assembling their gear as a small group approaches the shuttle. The group introduces themselves as a militia, with **BRAVA HADURA** as their Commander. She quickly informs them to get moving – and stay low, as there's a sniper in the area. The shuttle then begins its automated launch sequence, only to return a year from now.

# Evergreen, Hercynia // 3.18.5014u

The squad is escorted to **EVERGREEN** by the militia members. As they walk through the rainy streets, all eyes are on them; the off-worlders said to be here to save the colony from its attackers.

At a crossroads, the squad is warned that the street is a favorite of the sniper that has been plaguing the people of **EVERGREEN**, they are warned to move fast. **SUNRISE** activates his Stealth Hardsuit to try to get a bead on the menace with his Smart Scope. He catches a glimpse of feathers, leaves, organic material, along with metal and the glint of sun in a scope, moving out of view.

Eventually, **BRAVA** leads the squad to **THE BOTTOM OF THE WELL**, the local tavern, where accomidations have been set up for the Lancers. **BRAVA** leaves the squad here, informing them of their meeting with **PATIENCE**, the Colony NHP Administrator, the following morning, and encouraged them to explore the settlement and get to know some of the residents.

**SANDMAN**, **STRANGE CARGO**, and **SUNRISE** stay at the tavern to have a drink and unwind. They end up meeting **PVT. NOVEM** and **PVT. "BEEBLE" BENETTON** who talk to them about the "Bugs" that have been attacking the Gray Towns.

**PHARAOH** and **GOOSE** made their way to **THE BLOCK**, a bakery near centeral **EVERGREEN** that has become a bit of a social hub. They introduced themselves to **LUNVILLA**, the owner and baker, and purchased some breakfast for the squad.

**SPECTRE** wandered off on his own to find a kiosk to try to find some information about any weird glitches in local machinery after bumping into a technician oustide **THE BOTTOM OF THE WELL** and being warned that there have been some strange glitches. However, he has some tough luck and isn't able to find the information he's looking for before being interrupted by a small child. **SEAN YU** tugs at his clothes to brag to the off-worlder that he has found a cool tunnel under the city. Intruiged by this, **SPECTRE** relays the information to the squad, and follows **SEAN** to the Depot District of **EVERGREEN**. There, **SEAN** uncovers a small hole that he has apparently dug down to a large section of subterrainean tunnel.

When the squad arrives, a search of the strange tunnel is conducted. It is determined by **SANDMAN** and **STRANGE CARGO** that this isn't a mining tunnel, blown out by explosives, but rather that it appears to have been dug and carved out in some organic way. **SUNRISE** conducts his own investigation, and is able to determine that this tunnel is ancient, and the collapsed ends have been collapsed for a very long time. Nonetheless, they take note, as well as photographic and video evidence, of the strange phenomenon.

The squad then takes the rest of the evening to themselves to rest up before starting work in the morning.
