# Evergreen // 3.20.5014u - 5.10.5014u

By now, the FRT have made their first foray into combat and hopefully stabilized the situation around Evergreen. They even have some time to kill before Patience approaches them with the next mission. 

During this downtime, both Blaze and Bulwark spend some time hitting the streets of Evergreen and the walks around the city, listening, watching, and taking in the air. Before long, they’re practically locals. Blaze also takes part in a mixed martial arts competition run by the militia, losing the fight but gaining the respect of both his opponent and the public. Meanwhile, Roland opens up a prospective food bank called **ROLAND'S RANDOM RESERVES**, offering his personal specialties to those in need. Stinger on the other hand spends many weeks picking apart the wreckage of old Hercynian Crisis ships/mechs around Evergreen for useful gear, and sifting through rusted metal and the old, scarred skeletons of long-dead juggernauts.

# Liu Maize // 3.19.5014u

As the team approach the **GRAY TOWNS**, a call for assistance goes out over emergency channels. **ALBERT CHÂU** and his family, out at **CHÂU MAIZE**, are completely surrounded by hundreds of **SUBALTERNS**. On the road to the farm, the FRT encounter subalterns wandering the fields, sloshing through waterlogged rice paddies and flooded cornfields, realizing that all of the subalterns seem to be heading east.

The moment the FRT starts approaching the farmhouse, the drones and subalterns respond violently to their proximity and become hostile. This leads to a skirmish which ends in the team's victory, allowing them to save the Châus in the process. The team also examines the drones and tries to figure out what's wrong with the farm’s comp/con. It turns out that the comp/con has been infected by a military-grade virus. The normal system has been changed to an unfamiliar, inaccessible read-only display. A remote root-level user named “**>//BEGGAR_ONE**” appears to be issuing commands and executing imperatives. The operating system has some similarities with legacy Union systems, though without any place for user input.

Once the investigation is finished, the infected comp/ con burns out from the stress. Any remaining subalterns and drones at Albert’s farm or in the local area immediately and in unison begin to move east, toward the deep woods. Albert and his family emerge unhurt and hurry to **MAGGIE**'s farm closer to Liu Maize after thanking the group for driving the machines away. When questioned, they don’t provide much useful information: the family had heard about the troubles the other farms were having, but hadn’t noticed anything strange about their machines until it was too late. 

The FRT takes the slagged comp/con unit back to Patience for examination. The NHP partitions and firewalls themself in order to isolate and examine the code, and produces a detailed report by the end of the week.

# Landing Bowl // 3.19.5014u

The **HERCYNIANS** attack the convoy almost as soon as it exits the city but the FRT manages to protect the engineers and drive out the enemy. 

Fielding and his team successfully get the pump system up and running. It’s automated, and they can post a remote-operable sightseer nexus in the bowl that will allow them to reliably surveil the site in case the Hercynians return. Once the landing bowl is drained, larger ships will be able to land near Evergreen.

As the FRT are on their way back to Evergreen, Patience pushes an update to them. Something is happening east of Evergreen, in the fields where “nobody” lives.

# Evergreen // 3.19.5014u

**PATIENCE**, the colony’s administrator, schedules the team for a morning meeting to formally introduce them to the city and its administrative staff. Patience is kind, though firm in all of their positions. They allow the team to download a map of Evergreen and surrounding environs, give them access to the printing facilities, and grant them the freedom to pass through all areas of the city as required.

After answering the team's questions, Patience gets down to the task at hand and briefs them on their first mission. They give the team a choice of two vital tasks, of which they pick to escort Chief Engineer **FIELDING** and some of his workers and protect them while they complete critical repairs at the settlement’s **LANDING BOWL**, so it can be drained and given essential updates; this will make offworld landings easier and allow larger ships to land at Evergreen without the use of shuttles.

The team's printer permissions come into effect just after they finish talking to Patience, allowing them start printing their mechs.

# UNION Shuttle Carrier // 3.18.5014u

As the FRT set their sights on Hercynia, the drop carrier's captain notifies them to suit up - and make sure to borrow some EVA gear if they don't have any. Time is of the essence, and time is money. The team straps into one of a few dropships, and preps for the descent.

As they approach the world, their ship’s SIGINT deck reports that Hercynia is throwing off an incredible amount of noise – likely because it is a post-collapse SecComm “punching bag” world littered with old, decaying military infrastructure, and ruins – and they find themselves unable to get clear signals. All of this matches the thin profile pushed to them by local flightcomm. Unfortunately, optics are shot as well. Hercynia appears to be socked in under a planetwide monsoon season, blanketing all but the most extreme poles with thick cloud cover.

The team lands safely, dismounts from the shuttle, and begins assembling their gear as a small group approaches the shuttle. The group introduces themselves as a militia, with **BRAVA HADURA** as their Commander. She quickly informs them to get moving – and stay low, as there's a sniper in the area. The shuttle then begins its automated launch sequence, only to return a year from now. 

The troopers lead the way to **EVERGREEN**, a city brutalized by growth. The tall apartment blocks stand a dozen stories high, grime-streaked white monoliths wrapped in cling-tight plastic, looming above the low, mixedmaterial buildings. The colony is bordered by a low wall, buildings bulging right up against the barrier as if it were a waistline cinched tight by an unforgiving belt. Smoke drifts up from the dense settlement, blending with the low rain clouds.

Once they reach the **GOVERNOR'S FARM**, the team has their particulars entered in the city's database, so they can come and go without triggering the colony's defenses. Brava informs them that they should take some time to get settled in. For now, the team will be offered functional, comfortable lodging in the **BOTTOM OF THE WELL**, a tavern in one of the more populated districts of Evergreen.

# UNION Transport Carrier // 3.15.5014u

A jade and white disk hangs on the velvet field above you. **HERCYNIA**. A planet in the fullness of its bloom, and yet. Even from afar you can see the swell of ocean- spanning supercells. Where it parts, it shows land pockmarked with the telltale craters of prolonged orbital bombardment in the distant past. 

A catastrophe unfolded here. Half a millennia ago an expeditionary force sent by Union's **SECOND COMMITTEE** assaulted Hercynia as part of its imperialist advance across the galaxy. Though the anthrochauvanist hegemon was overthrown and replaced in a coup by the **THIRD COMMITTEE OF UNION**, the relics of its legacy still linger in places like this. 

Noise trickles from the planet. Ancient encrypted comms and distress beacons corrupted by the march of time and blooms of fallout radiation near the planet's poles. Ghost signals from long dead lips, from a long forgotten war. 

Your good fortune has brought you here out of necessity, and because your **UNION AUXILIARY FIRST RESPONSE TEAM** was the closest when the sector's administrator came calling. Trouble has befallen a recently-established colony on Hercynia’s surface. 

The colony’s charter is held by **LANDMARK COLONIAL**, a **SMITH-SHIMANO CORPO** subsidiary specializing in the settlement of difficult worlds. Exact details about the situation are spotty. The administrator believes there may be a previously-undocumented indigenous population on the planet. 

Your orders are to make contact with Landmark Colonial’s representatives, integrate into the colony's affairs, and assess the situation the ground. As representatives of Union, you are expected to act accordingly, with the dignity and respect befitting your station. 

**You are the mechanized cavalry.** Astride steeds of steel you dropped into the fray more times than you can remember. This is your story. 

**And now, as it ever was, there is No Room for a Wallflower.**