# Meccov::Schad Heights // 5.25.50XXu
After escaping the sewers, the team starts investigating the Communication Nexus. A quick investigation from both Tristan and Cvetanka reveals that the nexus was operated manually by someone in the sewers but was later set to continuous autonomous operation after the network was compromised. The team decides it's safest to take the nexus to Archer's spy agency.

After deciding on who to pass the Communication Nexus to, the team splits up: Tristan heads toward Bayside Devom to contact Wilfred about his contract, Archer, Cvetanka, and Viktor head towards the JMR Headquarters to start work on the investigation, Brie and Andy start an investigation into their bounty Bjorn Solari, and Damir enters the Yolpaif Circle to speak with his previous military contacts.

Tristan phones Wilfred about the contract he got to deliver the explosives around the city. Tristan learns of two of the people who promised some notoriety for Wilfred and other Crowns members for a contract, Karla Corwin and Tyrel Ocano. After exchanging information and some Manna, Tristan notes the increased attention they are receiving in the bar, and makes a quick exit.

At the JMR Headquarters, Archer hands the nexus over to his mother and works to better grow his organization. Viktor uses the agency's R&D lab to further his mechanic skills, and Cventaka questions the organizations members for a potential mole.

Asking questions of members of JMR, Cvetanka is lead to a person by the name of Fraldy Nera. Cvetanka questions Fraldy and after learning they took a cash bribe for passing inspection on the explosives, she grants him a momentary amnesty in exchange for access and information and some access cards to their nobility contacts.

Archer takes the afternoon to get a drink at one of the local bars before passing out in the nearby park, and Viktor continues to work with the JMR engineers to further tune Widow to be combat ready. Tristan takes some time to lessen the attention he's getting from the noble faction by inciting a riot among the workers from Bayside Devom. To appease them, he is required to loan the some materials from his mech along with his NHP.

After sufficiently preparing, Archer's mother, JMR, gives the team their next mission, run reconnaissance near the Idealist base and try to figure out what their connection to the Meccovian monarchy is. Taking some resources and new specifications from the agency, the team makes their way back to Viktor's workshop.

In the mean time, Tristan enters Viktor's shop to remove parts to satisfy his deal with the industry workers. After entering the workshop where his mech to check on his mech, Tristan hears an unfamiliar voice speak through his NHP. The voice speaks about an incursion that is in process and to seek out the information at its source. Tristan hearing the voice moves with a new found clarity and fashion a new set of devices for his NHP's casket in his mech.

With new resources, Archer, Cvetanka, and Viktor come back to the workshop and find Tristan, and start making preperations to start a recon operation and the Idealists' base.

After meeting back with Andy and Brie, Archer, Cvetanka, Viktor, and Tristan make their way to the Idealist operating area of Centermont. Archer attampts to run reconnaissance and without alerting the Idealists of his presence, finds the source of the signal to be from an abandoned factory near the south western end of the docks. Archer meets back with the party and they begin making their way into enemy territory to find the signal source. After a short battle, the team makes their way into the factory.

Inside the factory, the team finds a mostly stripped down facility containing: a single production line producing Omnihooks, a large mini-reactor used to power the facility, and a number of containers holding a black fluid similar to the once Cvetanka carries. The facility is also guarded by a small contingent of Idealist troops and one elite officers. During the combat, Tristan makes note of a strange similarity between the officer's mech and the feeling he previously had when upgrading his own.

During the course of the combat, the containers of black fluid start to leak and coalesce into machine similar to the officer's mech, Echos in the image of his frame. While the combat is taking place, Damir, is taking time to investigate the state of the city. While asking around and trying to speak to past contacts he learns of some of the trouble the city is facing. There is unrest in the city from the constant stagnation. While the trouble in the city has been noted, the Monarchy has stated that they are currently more interested in the current affairs of the city. Rumors are circulating that the Monarchy is attempting to clamp down on criminal activity in the city first and foremost before dealing with any other issues. After learning more on the city's affairs, Damir starts to make his way to Centermont and joins the rest of the team in the middle of combat. After focusing on the elite's mech, Tristan makes his way to the reactor's controller to see what can be done with it. Using the machine he starts to power down the section of the facility that is bringing power near the containers spawning the Echos, allowing the rest of the team to gain control of the factory.

With the threats dealt with, the team starts investigating what they can in the facility. Tristan attempts to find more information about the reactor powering the facility and and any records between it, the Idealists, and the Nobility. Digging through the records, he uncovers uncovers a manifest of SSC goods that are being brought into the system for the nobility, and they match both the reactor and Communication Nexus they previously found. While continuing to pull records, Viktor starts to power down the facility while Archer investigates the reactor chamber. While in the process of finding an entrance, Damir starts to starts shooting at various parts of the facility's walls and equipment, grazed by a stray shot, Archer see an opportunity in the damage to enter the reactor chamber. Inside, he find that a number of the components in the boxes used to maintain the reactor are composed of a similar liquid to the machine they previously destroyed. To stop other members of the Idealists from entering the factory, Brie, assisted by Viktor, falsifies an All-Clear to the garrisoned troops who are questing the noise in the facility. With the final bits of power in the reactor's computer, Andy attempts a "Hacking" maneuver with the support of Tristan, with no experience and no way to properly interface with the machine, it is broken during the attempt, but he is able to uncover some files detailing the final operation that the previous Idealist Commander, Ulla was to be sent on before command was transferred to a nobility backed commander. Not wanted to draw any more suspicion, the team exits the factory in preparation for future operations. To seal their escape, Viktor, Brie, and Andy set explosives and blow up the facility as they make their exit.

Now outside the facility, the team starts to wind down and prepare for future operations. Archer attempts to bolster his organization while Viktor starts a project to better optimize the resources for his machine. Brie and Damir wind down by touring different bars in the north districts and attempting to learn some more information. Andy accepts more contracts to pass the time and while apprehending some small time criminals, overhears information about a new player running with the Idealists by the name of Altert Murphy.

With all the new information, the team starts to make new plans for how to investigate their leads.