# Hercynian Bivouac // 07.17.5014u

The long, humid summer season starts to drag on. Evergreen’s forces track the approach of the Machine as work continues around the clock to prepare for a back-to-the-wall defense. Refugees continue to pile up at the wall. Patience seems to retreat further into their imaging of the world and their conversations with Landmark. 

The militia hasn’t forgotten the Hercynians – the “Egregorian” attackers – and despite the pressing issue of the advancing Machine, some units remain tasked with tracking down the raiders that plagued the colony. One of those units has returned with information. They finally managed to track the Hercynians to their home base: a staging ground and bivouac just inside the mouth of an old Egregorian access tunnel, some distance to the south of the colony. The site seems lightly defended, and is a ripe target for an attack. At the very least, it may present an evacuation route if indeed the tunnel leads to a secure area. Patience orders the FRT to follow up and investigate, with explicit instructions to tread cautiously.

Here, the team meets with Dthall who informs them that the last of her forces have been ordered to retreat from the surface after their latest skirmishes with the Machine. The Machine’s army, once concentrated in the tunnels and hives below the surface of Evergreen, is on the move, surging upwards. 

She continues by explaining that the rangers initially came only to scout Evergreen, a routine after the colony made landfall some decades ago; however, after the colonists were seen for the first time working alongside subalterns and drones, her rangers were ordered to start a campaign of directed and random attacks. After all, it seemed a given that strangers working alongside subalterns must be allies of the Machine. Dthall and her company were to probe the colony’s defenses with the eventual goal of denying the Machine’s access to key assets: the printer facility, the omninode, and the reactors. 

Dthall’s rangers were ordered to pull back after the fighting grew too costly; they were needed back at home, where the three cities that make up the HUC were engaged in tense strategic negotiations as a result of the Machine’s withdrawal from the belowground to focus on Evergreen. But just after they received the order to return, the rangers lost contact with Hivehome, the closest of the cities. Dthall worries that the Machine may have attacked the city.

She just wants to go home, to get her rangers home, and to bury the dead. Now that the FRT have encountered the Machine, Dthall knows that they understand what her people have been fighting for centuries. There’s a bigger fight going on than these battles around Evergreen, and she thinks that if the team can meet and talk with her superiors, there could be peace between the HUC and Evergreen. 

Once Dthall has made this offer, the FRT receive a priority one call from Patience. The NHP orders them to abandon their investigation and return to Evergreen posthaste. The Machine’s army is growing and spreading through the area at an unprecedented rate, threatening to cut the characters off from Evergreen completely. Once the colony is encircled, there won’t be any way for the team to return.

Forced to make a difficult choice, the team choose to return to Evergreen and help Landmark defend the city. The end of summer approaches.

# Evergreen // 06.20.5014u

Some days after the arrival of the CRT, Patience requests the presence of the FRT at their office in the Governor’s Farm. 

The subject of the meeting is this: Evergreen has one weather and imaging satellite. Now that the global monsoon season has given way to normal patterns of rain, the satellite diverts from its usual orbit once every three days to fly an imaging mission, capturing a ribbon panorama of hundreds of kilometers as it performs a single circumnavigation of Hercynia. On its most recent circumnavigation, the satellite returned a shocking revelation. At the edge of the panorama, in the interior of the as yet unexplored eastern continent, the satellite image shows a single figure: a person, leading an agricultural drone. The satellite found a farmer – a human farmer – on an unexplored continent, thousands of kilometers away from Evergreen.

Patience immediately ordered another two passes, one on either side of the previous ribbon. These new panoramas have just been transmitted to the Farm. With a flourish, Patience orders them displayed on the monitors. 

The first, to the west of the initial image, shows clearer evidence of cultivated fields and a worn path between them that the farmer must have been leading their drone back along. The second, to the east of the first picture, shows what looks like the outskirts of a much larger city. There are people on the eastern continent, and if Patience’s models are correct, there are likely millions of them. 

Evergreen is far from alone – first it was the Hercynians, and now these people. This other settlement, evidently much larger than Evergreen, is far away and has no knowledge of the colony. Despite this, Patience is not entirely thrilled to have discovered another city on Hercynia; the planet was supposed to be abandoned, empty – the charter purchased by Landmark said as much. Now that there is an apparently indigenous population, a legal fight to determine primacy rights is almost guaranteed.

# Evergreen // 06.19.5014u

This downtime is tense and uncomfortable. The Machine horde hovers at the edge of everyone’s thoughts, a sword of Damocles hanging over Evergreen.

Despite the oppressive atmosphere, the team does the best with the opportunity at hand. Chase spends his time assisting assisting in the reconstruction efforts of Evergreen, while the remaining team puts their efforts into promoting morale among the public. Victor participates in show races across the city, Roland organizes events at his store and Elijah steps into the ring, humiliating CRT officer **ROY "MAULER" KAUL** in the process.

The team also spends some time with the various members of the CRT, learning more about them and their mission. Two things quickly become apparent to the group: First, that their relationship with the CRT will be very important. Second, that the CRT is not actually there to save Evergreen, but instead on a cut-and-run job to recover as many assets as they can and report back to the company.

# Evergreen // 06.17.5014u

Landmark Colonial has dispatched an internal crisis response team to Hercynia. Called **CRT CONTINGENCY WHITE**, the team’s orders are simple: evaluate and stabilize the situation on the ground and act to preserve the long-term viability of the colony.

The CRT deploys to the Governor’s Farm and begins compiling their report. The FRT may note that their status on Evergreen – in terms of clearance, permissions, and so on – is no longer as exclusive as it was. They are no longer the privileged operators.

# Gray Towns // 06.06.5014u

The FRTs' new objective becomes the evacuation of Merricktown and Liu Maize and the securement of Evergreen’s outer borders. 

Edena is strangely unconcerned about the evacuation of the Gray Towns and tasks the characters with this out of convenience more than anything. The bulk of the militia is already engaged in defensive preparations around Evergreen: digging trench lines, laying minefields and mire pits, stocking arms caches, stockpiling food and water, packing sandbags, and so on.

Assisting the outlying settlements of the Gray Towns in their evacuation efforts is a task in multiple parts. First, the team battle their way through the Machine army's outlying perimeter defenses, rogue machinery and ragged subalterns, to clear a path along the roads leading back to the colony. From there, they hold the line against further Machine forces before finally escorting the convoy of fleeing refugee families back to the safety of Evergreen.

# East of Evergreen // 06.06.5014u

Following the trail of the subalterns and eventually linking up with the main march isn’t difficult: the FRT just need to follow the trail of destruction. The machines don’t attack the team and it is essentially impossible to stop the flow in any meaningful way. As the horde advances, many more machines rip themselves out of the earth to follow, long-deactivated and buried relics of an old war. 

The subalterns march east through the woods, tributaries of machines linking together to form a mighty river. They move steadily, eventually reaching their destination: not Tower 3, but a clearing at the base of Tower 3’s mountain.

Thousands of subalterns have been digging into the earth here, forming a great pit a hundred meters across and dozens deep. The team holds the line, until suddenly up they come from some forgotten, alien sepulcher; an army out of its time, crawling and clambering at first, and then marching in orderly, endless ranks, as they grind the mud below their mechanical feet to packed earth. They are legion. 

Extracting themselves from the situation, the team is able to clear some distance and proceed along the road to a safe point where they are no longer being followed. From there, they can watch as the horde tears itself out of the mountain, during which they receive a troubling update from Edena: the event they have just witnessed is happening everywhere. The Gray Towns, Liu Maize, and Merricktown are all under attack from the horde, which is boiling forth from the earth and striking toward Evergreen.

# Evergreen // 06.06.5014u

Patience hails the team on a priority channel, sounding stressed and asking for an immediate meeting. For now, the group chooses to keep the call from Dthall and the situation with the Hercynians to themselves. As the team make their way through the streets of Evergreen, they pass numerous subalterns and work drones from the colony that seem to be going haywire. Many of them are drifting patiently but inexorably away from their handlers like errant cattle – all heading east.

It is an unfortunate consequence of Landmark’s strict cycling calendar that Patience is due for a routine cycling. Every NHP has their own regular schedule, and while it has come at a problematic time for Patience, it does mean that they’ll be at full operational and cognitive capacity once they’re out. The process will take anywhere from 12–48 hours. During that time, Patience will be unavailable and Edena Ji will run the colony.

Meanwhile, subalterns and drones across the entirety of Evergreen’s eastern border and the lands beyond are responding to a shielded omninet transmission. Military-grade scrambling makes it difficult to determine where, exactly, the broadcast is issuing from, but there is a likely culprit: **TOWER 3**, the omninet/comms tower atop the eastern valley wall, another hundred kilometers east of Liu Maize and Merricktown. It’s a powerful relay tower that, if accessed manually, could be reconfigured to broadcast via an on-site override. If Tower 3 isn’t the culprit, then it’s still in the east, and worth checking on. 

Worryingly, Patience notes, the transmission has grown stronger in the last few hours. They issue the group a new mission to mount up and investigate.

# Evergreen // 06.06.5014u

The attackers haven’t been seen for weeks. Raiders, pirates, whoever they are, they have been forced to fall back. The colony settles into a routine resembling something like to normalcy. Things seem to have settled down – at least until Elijah receives a mysterious call over an open comm channel, using outdated comm protocols – at least several centuries old.

Picking up and connecting the rest of the team, they are hailed by someone with heavy accent. She introduces herself as **DTHALL ORDO** and claims to be a leader of the **HIVEHOME** rangers.

Dthall tells the FRT that she regrets the attacks on the colony and has decided to reach out on her own terms, a decision that approaches outright insubordination. It was not her choice to escalate aggression against the colony so rapidly, and in her opinion it was a waste of resources and good soldiers that could have been used against a greater enemy.

Dthall explains that her rangers are winding down operations against Evergreen, salvaging what they can, and collecting the dead. The colony is no longer a priority concern for the **HERCYNIAN UNITED CITIES**, and the rangers have been ordered to pull back on all fronts. She asks that there be a break in the fighting for this one day. There is a bigger threat coming, Dthall tells the team – one that the rangers could not stop – and her reason for calling is to give a warning about a force she calls **"THE MACHINE"**.

Almost immediately, a priority transmission from Patience reaches the FRT.