# Southwest of Evergreen // 08.22.5014u

Staggered by Beggar One’s strike, the survivors of the HUC have determined they must pack up their belongings, salvage what they can, and make for **MYCOL FIELDS**, the remaining city. They march en masse, transporting the whole surviving populations of Hivehome and the scant few survivors of Daylight to Mycol Fields. 

Joining up with the refugees, the FRT assists in any way they can to make the journey as bearable as possible, earning a reputation in the process.

At this stage, the HUC’s high command has set up in Mycol Fields and is beginning to plan a counterattack into Evergreen. 

Gradually, fall begins.

# Evergreen // 07.30.5014u

The army outside Evergreen’s gates maintains a silent, static siege. Its ranks have grown, and you can see evidence of heavily armed drones moving up toward the rear.

Patience calls for a general colonial assembly, to be followed by a public address. They have fully isolated themselves, citing their emergency powers, and refuse all external requests for information. Additionally, omninet access has been severely restricted and all streaming news services seem to have been blocked. All outbound communications and municipal private communications are flagged to indicate they are monitored. Inbound communications do not arrive, simply appearing as “unresolved”.

During the public adress it quickly becomes clear that the colony has been taken over by Beggar One, old Union officer and leader of the Machine. During the broadcast, the subaltern presents proof of the Egregorian survival as well as his intention to finish what SecComm started. "You are safe, Union is here". With these words, there is a flash and a mountain explodes.

Beggar One has detonated an orbital weapon on the mountain above the underground Hercynian city of **DAYLIGHT**, blasting it to dust. The weapon triggers a series of massive, shallow quakes, limited in their geographic spread but terrible in their destructive power.

To make matters worse, between the shaking of the earth and the odd muffling of the world by the falling ash, there is another sound: marching. The armies of the Machine are marching on the city. They number at least a hundred thousand strong, and they surround Evergreen. Between the advancing forces of Beggar One and the internal fighting among the militia ranks from the crisis at the gates, Evergreen seems all but doomed.

The FRT decides that it is time to escape. On their way out to a secret tunnel underneath the Depot district, the team sabotages the Omninode by stealing a critical component, joins up with Brava Hadura and some of her fellow militia troopers, and saves as many civilians as they can manage. With some difficulty, the team flees the city.

A few days later, Dthall Ordo tracks the group down.

# Evergreen // 07.27.5014u

Patience, through Edena, holds the militia at the walls of Evergreen. They close the checkpoint, park a pair of APCs behind the closed gates, and deny the refugees entry into the city.

Edena Ji orders the militia to fire gas and flashbangs into the massed crowd, trying to make them disperse. The APCs rumble to life, their crews hurrying to uncap the autocannons and grenade launchers on their turrets. Despite the naked threat, some of the refugees charge the checkpoint. Others scatter or hurry to meet the survivors halfway as the treeline begins to shake. With rising fear, both the refugees and the militia at the walls realize the horde has reached Evergreen. 

Shots ring out from along the wall – panicked militia troopers firing downrange. Some of the fleeing refugees fall, struck by stray rounds; others fling themselves to the ground, finding cover behind meager lumps of mud and rotting tree stumps. The dark movement at the trees is ceaseless, indistinct, a shifting mass of bodies that seems to be holding at the edge of the clear-cut. On the wideband, Edena Ji’s panicked voice orders the militia to clear the checkpoint, to open fire on the refugees, cross-talking over Brava as she attempts to get the situation under control.

Before events can truely escalate, the team takes matters into their own hands, defusing the situation, persuading the militia into standing down and opening the gates to the refugees.

A massacre is avoided. Many refugees filter into Evergreen to claim vacant units. The militia remains at full strength, but the ranks are shot through with a different kind of venom: some troopers don’t trust those who weren’t willing to shoot, while others don’t trust those who were. There will be difficulties down the line, but in the face of a greater threat, the militia stays united. 

For allowing the gates to be opened, Brava Hadura is promptly dismissed from her post.

Regardless, the Machine continues to advance. An army, arranged for siege.

# Evergreen // 07.27.5014u

On the horizon, greasy pillars of black and gray smoke rise. Thin at first, they bloom to massive size within the hour. A deep orange glow lurks under the clouds – soon enough, the wind carries a familiar smell: fire. Merricktown and Liu Maize have finally fallen and are burning. Pirate radio transmissions stream into Evergreen’s public channels, calling for help: hordes of machines are marching through the Gray Towns, en route to Evergreen. 

Orders come through from Edena Ji: Immediately reinforce the main road out of Evergreen. All remaining military units outside the walls are to pull back. Evergreen is closing up. 

Under the burning sky, the outside of Evergreen is chaos. Militia units frantically try to get their vehicles unstuck from the sucking mud in the clear-cut. 

Refugees rush to the walls, forming an enormous crowd outside the main gates. Many of them pass by the team as they move, on foot, exhausted, clutching their belongings. 

It quickly becomes apparent that there’s not going to be enough time. A large contingent of the militia force, out reinforcing a checkpoint and gathering stragglers and refugees, is still some ways off from Evergreen, bogged down in the terrifying calculus of who to keep and who to leave behind. Already the metallic shriek and clank of the Machine’s forces can be heard near Evergreen. Though the militia convoy is on its return trip, it’s moving too slow: they’re going to be surrounded, cut off, and slaughtered. 

Fortunately, one trooper has a desperate idea. The FRT may have observed the Machine’s troops acting in a forced, erratic manner. Tyrell is betting on this apparent mindlessness saving the convoy. He’s captured an infected Evergreen ag-drone, bulky, large, and strangely bovine, and strapped around half a ton of mining explosives to it. 

If he releases the drone, he figures, it will return to the horde and its detonation will clear a path about two hundred meters wide – a tiny gap that the stranded convoy can use to slip through. The problem will be getting the drone to the horde unmolested: that’s where the Lancers come in. 

The path is blocked by two especially nasty looking Machine mechs, relics of the old war, their chassis scorched and skeletal. The team must escort the ag-drone to the EZ and extract it before it is too late. 

During the conflict one of the enemy mechs suffers a reactor meltdown within range of the objective. Forced into a corner, the group decides to jury rig some of their own mechs into a mobile bomb. Escorting it through gunfire they barely manage to get it close enough to the center of the horde. They get out safely just as they set off an enormous explosion that gives off a pressure wave that flattens the trees, sends whipping winds over the clear-cut, and creates aftershocks that can be felt back in Evergreen. The blast creates a huge hole in the enemy line and the convoy skids through the burning remnants just in time.

The FRT and the convoy push past the refugees at the gates, clearing a temporary path. Once they are inside Evergreen, Edena Ji orders the gates closed.

# Châu Maize // 07.26.5014u

Having taken some heavy damage during their last skirmish, the team spends some time recuperating. 

Afterwards, the FRT decided to repay a favour to the Châu's and together with Maggie sets out to rescue her remaining family members. 

The team find Maggie’s farm in an isolated area a couple hours out from Evergreen, closer to Liu Maize. The farmhouse is on fire and looks like it has been trampled, but there are signs of an ongoing firefight further uphill. Cresting the hill and looking through the thick forest, the FRT see a small group of makeshift harvester mechs like Maggie’s locked in combat with machine forces. Before the team can reach them, however, they are intercepted by a group of rogue farming drones and ancient, near-skeletal mechs torn out of the earth where they have lain since the old war.

The attackers stand between the FRT and the struggling homesteaders but prove no hinderance to the team. They finish off the rest of the Machine’s forces and save Maggie’s family. Maggie is overjoyed to find her wife and son are still alive, if a little worse for wear, along with some of the other family members on the farm.

# Merricktown // 07.24.5014u

Asking around the camp, the FRT find three people who desparately need their help: Maggie Châu with rescuing her family, **JACOB MERRICK** with extracting his family's NHP, and **TYRELL MARKEY** with smuggling some refugees into the city.

Weighing their options, they decide to deal with Jaboc's request first. The journey to Merricktown is harrowing; the town is in flaming ruins, and swarming with machines. Fortunately, **OPPORTUNITY** and their casket are kept in the town’s power plant and storehouse, on the outskirts of the settlement, an area which can be approached with ease.

There, the team find and extract it before the roving Machine forces can do the same. The thankful NHP offers their services as a mech-scale NHP. Jacob is more than happy for Opportunity to accompany the FRT. He sees the NHP as a threat due to the infection and he has no interest in pursuing further business on Hercynia.

# Evergreen // 07.23.5014u

Nearly two thousand refugees crowd Evergreen’s defensive clear-cut, having fled their unsanctioned homes looking to find safety inside the city’s walls. Evergreen, however, doesn’t want them – or, at the very least, Patience doesn’t.

As Patience has retreated into a defensive posture to concentrate on holding off cascade, Edena Ji has stepped into the role of acting colonial governor. Following Patience’s missives, she has issued a mandate that bans any homesteader from coming into Evergreen through the checkpoints at the city’s borders unless they are fully processed and enrolled as a citizen as Evergreen – an onerous obligation even without an army of machines marching upon the city. Edena has posted militia at heavily armored guardhouses, backed by armored vehicles. Further, she has ordered them not to police or protect the refugees in the camp; their charge is to defend the city. This is proving a complicated policy, as people on both sides of the walls have come together in widespread protest against the harsh refusal of asylum.

The steady flow of refugees has abated somewhat: in the early days they came in tens and teens, but now it’s down to small groups of four or five every few days. By the militia’s estimates, there should only be about a thousand more people out in the wilderness, but there’s nothing certain. The real numbers are unknown, and it’s fair to presume that many of those remaining are already dead.

The new arrivals speak of two things: rumors that Liu Maize and Merricktown have fortified and managed to resist the machines, and increasingly fantastic depictions of subalterns carrying lances and rifles walking alongside mechs. They also tell of the dead they left behind, bloated in the humid heat, rotting on the side of the road.

Unable to act on her own, but deeply affected by the suffering outside the walls, Brava Hadura contacts the FRT to inform them of the situation. At best, the colony has abandoned the refugees outside the walls. At worst, it views them not simply as a liability, but as an active and growing threat to security. She is unable to act directly in her capacity as militia commander, but with the broad emergency powers granted to the team by Patience and their status as freelancers, they can certainly assist. She asks they head in to gather information and help who they can.

# Evergreen // 07.20.5014u

Evergreen is a city under siege, plagued by two threats. One enemy lies within, as the very infrastructure that colonists have relied on for generations now begins to reject their commands. Subalterns refuse orders and steal away into the night; drones fly, crawl, roll, and march away to join the Machine; machines of both types sporadically attack crowds of people. The other enemy lies outside the walls: the looming danger of a Machine army, waiting only for an order to advance.

A tent city of refugees from the fields outside Evergreen also packs this cleared ground, people huddling for cover behind a low bulwark of gabion barriers built by a loosely organized camp guard. Some members of Evergreen’s militia help when they’re off the clock, but their numbers are thin, and Patience has doled out disciplinary notices to troopers caught showing the refugees even so small a kindness. In the NHP’s mind, the refugees broke colonial code in the first place by setting out to build homesteads; as far as they are concerned, the refugees’ problems are the refugees’ problems.