# JMR Underground Base // 8.15.50XXu
The squad took a few months to gather the necessary resources to initiate the **REVOLUTION**. With all the preperation in hand, the time to initiate the attack has come. First, the **team attacks a few Crowin elite agents to reduce the forces they will encounter when sieging Yolpaif**. After the operation, Tristan leaves a set of cryptic messages on the destroyed robots and **Brie recieves a communication** from Amber telling her that there are at least two agents hunting her for the equipment she had stolen for her. Relaying the information to her team, they proceed with the next steps of the mission.

The first step of the plan is to secure a set of **MUNITIONS** to be used breaking down the final door in the manor's inner-chambers.  During the operation, one of the two agents hunting Brie is encountered and destroyed. After securing the payload, the team works to take down the **DEFENSE GRID** around the manor. Team works together to take down the defense pylons surrounding the entrance to the manor. After a hard battle, they secure an entrance through the facility and, awaiting what's coming inside, they take a moment to **REPAIR** their mechs while having their entrance secured and reinforced in the interim.

After finishing a short repair, the team starts their assault into the halls of the manor.

Moving into the inner halls, the team moves to take control of key reinforcement positions in the palace. After ensuring taking control of the zones, the team moves to get the **MUNITIONS** in place to enter the final inner sanctum of the palace to confront the royalty.