Aster is a mid-20's spacer, originally born into a nuclear family as a second born, preceded by his older sister. With no real expectations placed on him by his otherwise busy, working-class family, he had no direction or aspiration in his youth. His sister was his only friend growing up, and she was only so wise to the world around her herself. He would later be orphaned unfortunately by a series of mysterious circumstances. The loss of his sister affected him more than the loss of his parents, as they'd often be too busy to really give him much attention. That lack of attention, however, helped him develop into a solitary person, and that loss of his sister cemented the coldness in his heart. 

In his teen years, he would make the acquaintance of a retro software/hardware enthusiast, Ignacio, who Aster would occasionally get work from to get by in life. Ignacio would eventually, one day, introduce Aster to a several century old program he found that was used to train the very first mech pilots many years ago. While originally hesistant, Aster would convince Ignacio to let him "try it out" for himself. And despite the age of the software and hardware, and the simulations being just... simulations, Aster showed immense promise using the training program. While he was merely wearing an augmented reality headset, he was immediately drawn to the whole experience, finally feeling good for finally being good at something in his life for once. And his success with the program and all its training simulations was to a degree that would be extraordinary for an uneducated, none the wiser spacer teen. He frankly had no right to be as skilled as he was. Some would even say he was a once in a millennia natural born prodigy. His battle IQ and understanding of the systems at his disposal were next level for such a novice. But to Aster, it was less about being flashy and being gifted. To Aster, what felt like a life with no friends, family, purpose or meaning, changed in an instant with his new obsession. It was a way out of obscurity. A way to leave his mark on the world. His chance to be more than a nobody. And the obsession was, in fact, perfect for a young man with no friends, family, purpose or meaning. It became his way of life. Who better to become a soldier of fortune, a mech warrior by trade, and a killer for hire, than a man with seemingly nothing left to lose.
