# Mission // #002
## Piracy

Stage 1 will involve finding a suitable ambush point along the convoy's route; the White Doves have likely recovered your mission intel, so anticipate their presence as they search and sweep, looking for you

Stage 2: Hull Breach. The target vessel has been ID'd and a tactical breakdown of their armaments and vulnerabilities has been made available to you. A structural weakness in the outer hull has been identified and will be the target point for the breach. Current plan is to hold the area around the targeted zone while cutters slice through the hull, allowing entry. Resistance is expected; anticipate Silverton defense forces to assault along the hull, as well as potential White Dove interference from space. In addition, automated assault turrets are setup around the hull, and will quickly activate in response to your intrusion. ("IZ" denotes the ingress zones where enemy reinforcements are expected to enter into the AO). Optionally, you can destroy the vessel's communications array to cover your trails when you extract. The comms array can be destroyed from the outer hull, but it will be more fortified.

Stage 3: Cargo Extraction. After entering the vessel, head to the cargo bays ("CB A1," "CB A2," "CB B1," "CB B2") and locate the target cargo. The cargo will be shielded so you'll need to conduct a quick sensor scan to determine which contains our target. The cargo is magnetically clamped to the hull during transport, so the clamps must either be destroyed or released from the appropriate control room ("CB A CTRL," "CB B CTRL"). Afterwards, the doors to the bays need to be opened, either from the control room or by manually destroying the locking clamps; once opened, the cargo needs to be pushed out into space for retrieval. Expect Silverton defense forces to enter from the IZs, using the freight elevators (marked in yellow) or from entering from the different mech bays on the vessel.
If the comms array was not destroyed from the hull, it can be destroyed from within the vessel ("OPT"). Additionally, the breach will occur near the vessel's main engineering deck, offering the opportunity to damage the ship's reactors, which will damage the vessel's control systems, weakening their defenses and offering opportunities to take advantage of the ensuing chaos.
The internal walls of the vessel can be destroyed to open up additional routes within the ship; the white "doors" can be entered through by mechs of the appropriate size or smaller.
Finally, any additional cargo extracted from the vessel can be retrieved and converted to RESERVES for future operations. 


# Goals
- WIN.

# Stakes
- NO LOOT FOR YOU.

# Reserves
- None at this time.