At a very young age, Clint rummaged through the scrap yard that his grandparents operated and found an old metal chest. Inside of this chest was a collection of 1900AC analog tapes labeled "Western Classics", a box of compact discs labeled "The Great George Strait", a working VCR player, and an ancient CD player. With another boring summer at the outpost ahead of him, he was granted permission from his family to keep the chest and explore it's contents. It wasn't long before Clint was encapsulated by the "Cowboys" he saw in these old films and grew attached to what was described to him as "Country Music" from listening to the old CDs.

He was so enamored with the idea of becoming a cowboy himself that he changed the way he acted at home. He ordered an old bovine hide hat that he would always wear, and grew a small tuft of wheat at the outpost so he could carry a piece in his mouth when it was convenient for him. Before long he hit his rebellious stage in adolescence but stayed true to the way of the outlaw. At that time he would hold up local markets with a GMS magnum fashioned to resemble and old .357 Smith & Wesson from the films he'd watch, and would hunt to collect on the small bounties that were posted in his prefecture. Clint would eventually get news that his grandparents were growing ill, and had to be placed in a medicinal ward for their treatment. 

His family wasn't exactly a fortunate one, meaning that they would eventually lack the funds to take care of Clint's relatives. It was then that he turned to become a Cavalry Pilot for the Union, with aspirations to get enough manna to not only get his grandparents treated and released from the ward, but to also open his own outpost and live out his retired days as a farmhand to spread the legacy of the Cowboy that became such a big part of his life.